
DISTRIBUTION NOTES

To install gSOAP, unpack the archive. You will get the following files:

README.txt	read this first
NOTES.txt	this file
changelog.html	changes
license.html	gSOAP public license (HTML)
license.pdf	gSOAP public license (PDF)
gpl.txt		GPL license
soapcpp2	executable gSOAP 2 compiler
wsdl2h		executable gSOAP WSDL parser
soapdoc2.html	documentation (HTML)
soapdoc2.pdf	documentation (PDF)
stdsoap2.h	header file for stdsoap2.c[pp]
stdsoap2.c	library and gSOAP runtime
stdsoap2.cpp	library (identical to stdsoap2.c)
dom.html	gSOAP DOM parser (HTML)
dom.pdf		gSOAP DOM parser (PDF)
dom.h		header file for dom.c
dom.c		C DOM parser
dom++.h		header file for dom++.cpp
dom++.cpp	C++ DOM parser
typemap.dat	XML schema to C/C++ type mapper for wsdl2h WSDL parser

... and the following subdirectories:

samples		examples
extras		(contributed) extras
import		#import-ed header files for soapcpp2 compiler
plugin		plug-in examples
custom		custom serializers for various data types
mod_gsoap	Apache mod_gsoap, IIS, and WinInet support
src		gSOAP compiler sources
wsdl		WSDL parser sources

Examples are included in the 'samples' subdirectory. The examples are:

DIRECTORY			DESCRIPTION
calc:				Simple calculator client and server
ck:				HTTP cookie client and server
components/c, components/cpp:	Multiple clients/services in one executable
dime:				DIME attachment client and server
events:				Asynchronous one-way messaging
factory:			Remote object factory and simple ORB
factorytest:			Test client for remote object factory
googleapi:			Google Web API client
listing:			XMethod service listing client
localtime:			Get localtime client
lu:				Linear solver client and server
magic:				Magic Squares client and server
mtom:				MTOM attachment client and server
oneliners:			Several one-liner clients and services
polytest:			Polymorphic object exchange
quote:				Get delayed stock quote
quote2:				Get delayed stock quote (SOAP async messages)
quote3:				Get delayed stock quote (with Stock class)
quote4:				Get delayed stock quote (using XML DOM)
quotex:				Combined client/server example in one
router:				Router of HTTP messages over TCP/IP
rss:				RSS 0.91, 0.92, and 2.0 server
ssl:				HTTPS/SSL example (requires OpenSSL)
udp:				SOAP-over-UDP example client and server
varparam:			Variable polymorphic parameters client/server
webserver:			Stand-alone Web server with a lot of features
xml-rpc:			XML-RPC support

To build the example services and clients, type "make" in the 'samples'
directory (Sun Solaris users should type "make -f MakefileSolaris"). See
also http://www.cs.fsu.edu/~engelen/soapexamples.html
for details and explanations for some of these examples.

For Windows users, the archive includes 'magic_VC' and 'quote_VC' Visual
Studio projects in the 'samples' directory.

For Mac users, the archive includes a 'quote_MAC_ProjBuild' Project Builder
example in the 'samples' directory.

To try the SSL-secure SOAP server, install OpenSSL and change the occurrences
of "linprog2.cs.fsu.edu" in sslclient.c and sslserver.c to the machine name
(or machine IP) you are using. Example .pem files are included but you need to
create your own .pem files (see OpenSSL documentation).

The sslclient and sslserver codes can then be build as follows:

soapcpp2 -c ssl.h
gcc -DWITH_OPENSSL -o sslclient sslclient.c stdsoap2.c soapC.c soapClient.c -lssl -lcrypto
gcc -DWITH_OPENSSL -o sslserver sslserver.c stdsoap2.c soapC.c soapServer.c -lssl -lcrypto -lpthread

The 'gsoap_mod' directory includes Apache 1.x and 2.0 mods for gSOAP, IIS, and
WinInet support. WinInet allows gsoap to use the WinInet API instead of calls
to the socket API. The primary benefit of this arrangement is that "if IE
works, your program will work". There is no need to read proxy settings from
the registry, deal with proxy configuration scripts, etc. Changes in the
"Internet Options" dialog box will immediately take effect in your program.
Additionally, this will allow gsoap to handle forms of authentication not yet
supported natively, such as NTLM (Integrated Windows Authentication), etc.

Contributions are included in the 'extras' directory:

ckdb.h ckdb.c:
HTTP cookie database load and store operations for persistant cookie support.
Cookies are saved in XML format using gSOAP's serializers.

ckdbtest.h ckdbtest.c:
Test client program for cookie database.

soapdefs.h logging.cpp:
C++ message logging with streams.

DISCLAIMER: WE TRY OUR BEST TO PROVIDE YOU WITH "REAL-WORLD" EXAMPLES BUT WE
CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT ALL CLIENT EXAMPLES CAN CONNECT TO THIRD PARTY WEB
SERVICES WHEN THESE SERVICES ARE DOWN OR HAVE BEEN REMOVED.

